the MSC health psychology course is a
one-year course and that starts in
September and runs until the end and we
have modules which run from sep tember
until the end of May and we look at all
sorts of different aspects of health
psychology ranging from policies
interventions looking at different
chronic illnesses and how psychology can
play a role alongside with medicine in
trying to help individuals with
illnesses in trying to get them to have
as good a life as possible and it's
there's so much such a wide range of
choices of things to do and the
supervisors are so helpful and you get
to do a dissertation and most of them
get to be on a topic of your choice for
example i'm doing my study looking at
the impact of chronic fatigue syndrome
on young adults aged 18 to 25 and it's a
new piece of research no one's really
looked into that area before and the
supervisors are so supportive in
listening to your ideas and what you
would like to do and what you know and
giving you advice and on the way and how
to design a really good study and which
will help you to reach out to people who
would like to take part and have the
help that they need there's a
postgraduate group called PG tipps which
is also involved with postgraduate
research students where we can meet we
can discuss things all things do a
psychology as well as going out and
having the social side as well and there
are also seminars that we can attend and
we can sort of listen to outside
speakers coming in talking about
relevant and topics and issues in health
psychology and being a student rep as
well allows me to sort of bond with my
other classmates talk to them about
issues and what they would like to do
and what they want to get from the
course and it's just a really good
social group because there's about 13 of
us that take part in the course and
we've all from such a strong group
together we're all from different
cultures different nationalities and
it's just a really strong bond my plans
for my future are I'm hoping to take a
year out from actually studying in
psychology because I've just moved on to
doing the MSC from my undergraduate
course and I'm hoping to go into London
to do some research assistance related
to health psych
ecology and gain some more experience in
the field and then hopefully move on to
do stage 2 of health psychology which
will allow for me to gain charter ship
and actually give myself the title of
health psychologist